That's right, shit
Give you a liver and you'll climb up
Hey hey bitch
It's useless for you to impersonate anyone today
Li Yaozu is your Tan Ge, right?
His parents just sent Moments an hour ago
Said that Lin Yaozu was the first in your county's trials
You can't get anywhere in your county
Why did you get here to catch it?
Lin Wenwen, Lin Jianguo, oops.
You two trash are so shameless
How dare you pretend to be garlic at this world event
Are you crazy to be famous?
Fortunately
That Lin Yaozu is a friend of my grandson Aotian
Otherwise, I was almost deceived by them.
Since you don't understand human language
Then why don't you ask Li Yaozu?
Am I lying?
Do you want us to embarrass ourselves?
What have you been like since you were a child?
You think I don't know?
Mentally retarded since childhood
Can eat like a pig
You were trash as a kid
No matter how long you grow, you are garbage
Try harder
You can't escape the fate of being a waste
What use are you
You might as well die
I'm useless I'm trash
I am trash
But no matter how useless I am, I am also your biological daughter
I have your blood on me
I can't figure it out.
Why do you treat me like an enemy?
You are not my daughter
I regret why I gave birth to you
Why didn't I strangle you when I gave birth to you?
So you don't have to do something that shames me now
Those who lose me see my eyes
When did I embarrass you?
Don't think I don't know
You are intellectually cheap to compete
And those coaches don't know
Which one will not lose me?
Which one doesn't envy my eyes?
These are all rumors spread by others
Even if you believed me once since you were a child
I am your biological daughter
Why are you doing this to me?